Add examples for go-spiffe v2 (#114)
spiffe/go-spiffe: v2/examples/README.md

# go-spiffe (v2) Examples

This section contains a set of standalone examples that demonstrate different use cases for the go-spiffe library.

## Use cases

> - [SVIDs for mTLS connections](spiffe-tls/README.md): _Get automatically rotated X.509 SVIDs for your workloads and use it to establish mTLS connections between them._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Mutually Authenticated TLS (mTLS)](spiffe-tls/README.md): _Establish mTLS connections between workloads using automatically rotated X.509 SVIDs obtained from the SPIFFE Workload API _
```

- [SVIDs stream](spiffe-watcher/README.md): _Get automatically rotated X.509 SVIDs and JWT Bundles for your workload._

> - [SVIDS for gRPC connections](spiffe-grpc/README.md): _Get automatically rotated X.509 SVIDs for gRPC server and client, and use them to establish mTLS connections between them._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [gRPC over mTLS](spiffe-grpc/README.md): _Send gRPC requests between workloads over mTLS using automatically rotated X.509 SVIDs obtained from the SPIFFE Workload API_ 
```

> - [SVIDS for http connections](spiffe-http/README.md): _Get automatically rotated X.509 SVIDs for http server and client, and use them to establish mTLS connections between them._ 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [HTTP over mTLS](spiffe-http/README.md): _Send HTTP requests between workloads over mTLS using automatically rotated X.509 SVIDs obtained from the SPIFFE Workload API_ 
```
